Submissions (#1)
ournetworks/2019-submissions: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/submission.md

---

> name: Proposal submission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Proposal Submission
```

about: Propose a session for Our Networks 2019.
title: '[Submission Title]'
labels: ''
assignees: ''

> ---

Reviewer: We didn't have frontmatter in the 2018 template. Are we intending to use the `name` and `about` fields in some way? Looking at the GH docs, `title`, `labels`, and `assignees` will pre-populate the fields.

Reviewer 2: We have to use these because GitHub implemented a new Issue Template workflow, that is my accidental testing in #2. 

I think this will pre-populate labels and assignees as blank if we include in this way (from my reading of the docs). We previously included the submission title as a field to change in the template which I have just moved to the Title (so issue title) in yaml frontmatter

Reviewer 2: Reconfirmed this works as expected, @garrying you can test here: https://github.com/dcwalk/test-issue-templates/issues/new/choose

Reviewer: Ohh, got it. The template flow is new to me.

Reviewer 2: Me too! I think this is a v.recent shift

## Description

[Description that is 1-2 paragraphs (75 - 150 words)]

> Type: [talk | panel | workshop | lightening talk | demos | performance | other (describe!)]  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type: [talk | panel | workshop | lightning talk | demos | performance | other (describe!)]  
```

Length: [<30 minutes | 1 hour | 2 hour | half-day | N/A]  

> Additional considerations: [e.g., max number of participants, access]  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Language: [english | french | spanish | ojibwe | other (describe!)]
Additional considerations: [e.g., max number of participants, access]  

```

Reviewer 2: On my quest to support multiple languages

## Session Objective

[Identify 1-3 key objectives for the session (could be participant takeaways)]

## Material and Technical Requirements

> [List materials you as presenter require AND any participant materials (indicate if there would be support required for a purchase/cost). Include equipment, technical, and installation requirements if applicable. We will aim to accommodate where possible]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[List materials you as presenter require AND any participant materials (indicate if support is required for a purchase/cost). Include equipment, technical, and installation requirements if applicable. We will aim to accommodate where possible]
```

Reviewer: This seems more direct?

Reviewer 2: +1

## Presenter(s)

Name: Your Name  
Email: name@youremail.com  
Url(s): [yourwebsite.com](url to website), [yourotherwebsite.com](url to another website)  
Twitter: [@you](url to twitter account)  
GitHub: [you](url to GitHub account)  

> Interested in a community billet: [host|billet|N]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As organizers we strive for low-cost pathways of participation, are you interested in a community billet program either hosting out-of-towners or staying with locals? 
[host | billet | N]
```

Reviewer 2: This was flagged as confusing last year

> Interested in a community billet: [host|billet|N]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interested in a community billet: [host | billet | N]
```

Reviewer 2: @garrying -- I'm having a hard time following this, do you want to have this go to my suggestion above to clarify billets, or rather keep this as a brief line? 

I'd like us to change the description because we received feedback this part was confusing and not adequately explained

Reviewer: @dcwalk The description is good; it should go to your suggestion. It's adding spacing around the pipe for the options

Reviewer 2: Okay! I think it doesn't stack on my suggestions, gonna to a commit of both of 'em and make sure it all looks good!

Reviewer 2: Okay, it mucked it up. Lesson learned: only one suggestion per line. I added another commit with my language and yr white spacing
